Add more documentation about external testing (#537)
tektoncd/catalog: CONTRIBUTING.md

#### End to end Testing for external services

Some tasks need to be able to access some external REST api services.

> There is two approach for testing external services, the first one if you can is to spin up a deployment of the service tests and exposed as a kubernetes service and the second one is an http rest api reflector for task that connect to rest apis endpoint that cannot be available as a deployment (i.e: Saas services like github)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two approaches for testing external services, the first one if you can is to spin up a deployment of the service tests and exposed as a kubernetes service and the second one is an http rest api reflector for task that connect to rest apis endpoint that cannot be available as a deployment (i.e: Saas services like github)
```

For the first approach, you can take the [trigger-jenkins-build test](task/trigger-jenkins-job/0.1/tests/) as an example.

You will want to modify the [pre-apply-task-hook.sh](task/trigger-jenkins-job/0.1/tests/pre-apply-task-hook.sh) script to create the deployment and make it available to your test pipelinerun.

Here is a rundown of the steps we are doing in `trigger-jenkins-build/pre-apply-task-hook.sh` script :

- Create a deployment with the `jenkins` image
- Wait until the deployment has completed.
- expose the deployment as a service, which would then be easily available for other pods in the namespace.
- Do some shenanigans inside the jenkins pod so we can grab the jenkins apikey and create a new jenkins job.
- create a secret with the apikey, username and other stuff.

The [test pipelinerun](task/trigger-jenkins-job/0.1/tests/run.yaml) for the `trigger-jenkins-build/` will then points to `http://jenkins:8080` which it the service URL where our just deployed jenkins is exposed and use the secrets credentials from the just created secret in the `pre-apply-task-hook.sh` script.

> For those other services where you can't spin up a new deployment of the service easily, the tes runner support the ["Go Rest api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For those other services where you can't spin up a new deployment of the service easily, the test runner support the ["Go Rest api
```
